####Access to Excellent Organics 
The purpose of project idea #1 is to support local CSA/Organic farms in their marketing, assist buyers to find the best price at the closest location, and give them the opportunity to see the process of their food grown and distributed. Natural and Organic Farmers benefit by receiving free marketing and the ability to ask for tools/resources. Members of the web application pay a small monthly fee and a small fee at checkout. The more they buy, the more points they earn towards discounts or they can donate the credits to the farmers. Or, credits can be accumulated after they refer 3+ new members.
There is a sign in page for farmers and a sign in page for customers. 
The web app has a table that consists of each type of produce sold. A second column computes the average price of each organic fruit/veg from all organic farms within a certain radius AND a certain number of organic food stores like Whole Foods Market, Trader Joes, etc. (I’m not certain how/what the legality of getting these prices automatically loaded daily would be.) 
The membership page will show the types of memberships. You can purchase a years worth of CSA for one price. You can pay a monthly fee just to see who is selling what in the area and see the challenges and obstacles these CSA/Organic food vendors overcome.
*A membership: Full years worth of produce picked up once a week. You pay the highest price for your membership and receive the most produce. 
*B membership: Full years worth of produce picked up once a week. If more than 1 crop is not successful you will receive a $45 refund.   
*C membership: Half years worth of produce picked up once a week. No refunds. 

*Each CSA has their own page. Sidebar categories include: Pictures and quantity of each crop, Challenges, Solutions. 
When members click the produce tag they can purchase produce directly and choose to pick up at the location, or have it delivered by Uber(not sure legality on that either). 
Challenges tab consists of pictures of bugs that are causing issues, pictures of diseases on the plants. 
Solutions tab consists of two sections; automatic solutions that are generated by google and contributed solutions that other farmers/people can write/ suggest. 


Organic Farmers and urban CSA’s take live pictures/video of produce they have available on a given day using their phone that connects directly to the web application. The web app compares prices from as many local grocery stores as possible within a specified radius to compete with the best price per pound. Members of the website can find the produce they want at the closest location for the best price. Members can bid a price, pay immediately and pick up their produce at the farm during or after live time pictures/videos are displayed in the morning. Pick up occurs during a two hour window at the same time every day 5 days/week. The web app is connected with UberEats/PostMates during certain hours, so your produce can be delivered. If you would like an assortment of vegetables you choose, you can also pick up at the farmers market on Sat/Sun for an additional small fee. 

If a farmer needs tools/resources, they have the option to write in a specific tool/resource they need on the resources section of the web page. Buyers can make donations for those tools or pay towards a credit on their account towards future produce. 

Buyers also have the ability to buy produce in advance at the beginning of the season. They can see their food's growth daily from seed via pictures and videos sent directly to their email by an automated system on the web app. If challenges occur during the crops life cycle , buyers can opt to get their money back, or purchase a solution. When a buyer purchases a solution, they receive a list of ideas to fix the problem, matched with resources needed. A fraction of the fee they paid before the present season, will go towards paying for the resource needed for the fix to be made(example, organic fertilizer) and it will be implemented this season or next season(depending what is more beneficial). Paying in advance is a risk the buyer is willing to take with the benefit of learning as well as supporting organic/natural CSAs. 
